# STUDY GUIDE

## Blocks

- Closures, binding, and scope
  - yield is a keyword
  - closure is a way of encapsulating a chunk of code to be passed around and called at a later time/place. When a closure is created a binding of all artifacts within scope of the closure is created. When the closure is executed the value of any binding referenced will be found.
- How blocks work, and when we want to use them.
- Blocks and variable scope
- Write methods that use blocks and procs
- Understand that methods and blocks can return chunks of code (closures)
- Methods with an explicit block parameter
- Arguments and return values with blocks
- When can you pass a block to a method
- &
  - & as an argument will check if the object is a Proc, if it isn't it will look for a `#to_proc` method within the class of the object and execute it, if no method such method is found an error will be raised. Otherwise it will then convert the proc object to a block. 
  - & as a parameter will convert a block into a Proc object and save it to the block parameter it is attached to.
  - & when applied to an argument is different than & when applied to a parameter
- &:symbol
  - When a symbol is used with the unary & operator the `Symbol#to_proc` method will be called, this looks for a method that matches the symbol name and converts it to a Proc object, then to a block.
- Arity of blocks and methods
  - Strict arity will throw an error if the current number of arguments are passed in (ie. methods)
  - Lenient arity will not throw an error if the number of arguments defined does not match the number passed in. If more arguments are defined then passed in those that have not had a value passed in will be set to `nil`

## Testing With Minitest

- Testing terminology
- Minitest vs. RSpec
  Similarities
  - both run tests, both randomize tests, both _can_ use DSL.
  - minitest used to be included with ruby but now needs to be added as a gem
  - RSpec using a DSL and Minitest uses regular Ruby code but can also use a DSL when using 'spec-style'
- SEAT approach
  - eliminates redundancies by allowing us to create reusable and testable objects within the `#setup` method.
- Assertions

## Core Tools/Packaging Code

- Purpose of core tools
- Gemfiles

